[<div class="wiki-body gollum-markdown-content instapaper_body" id="wiki-body">
        <div class="markdown-body">
          <p>As of 10 Sep 2015</p>
<h1>
<a aria-hidden="true" class="anchor" href="#maks" id="user-content-maks"><svg aria-hidden="true" class="octicon octicon-link" height="16" version="1.1" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16"><path d="M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z" fill-rule="evenodd"></path></svg></a>Maks</h1>
<p><strong>Done already:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Implement DB implementation and file based cache implementation to discuss</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Planned to do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>I planned to move trough ct/views.py to find places where we can use caching</li>
<li>I planned to analyse redirect on login issue</li>
</ul>
<h1>
<a aria-hidden="true" class="anchor" href="#alexey" id="user-content-alexey"><svg aria-hidden="true" class="octicon octicon-link" height="16" version="1.1" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16"><path d="M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z" fill-rule="evenodd"></path></svg></a>Alexey</h1>
<p><strong>Planned to do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>To create new PR (waiting for merge previous)</li>
<li>Finish to read docs <a href="http://cjlee112.github.io/socraticqs2/fsm.html" rel="nofollow">http://cjlee112.github.io/socraticqs2/fsm.html</a>
</li>
<li><a href="https://trello.com/c/lrpcZ9rM/45-create-tickets-for-chris-s-requests" rel="nofollow">https://trello.com/c/lrpcZ9rM/45-create-tickets-for-chris-s-requests</a></li>
<li>Think about scalability actions</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Done already:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Discussed and reviewed manage command for fsm_deploy.</li>
<li>Discussed refactoring Json serialiser functionality</li>
</ul>

        </div>

    </div>]