[<div class="wiki-body gollum-markdown-content instapaper_body" id="wiki-body">
        <div class="markdown-body">
          <h2>
<a aria-hidden="true" class="anchor" href="#agenda-and-meeting-minutes-for-2013-04-11" id="user-content-agenda-and-meeting-minutes-for-2013-04-11"><svg aria-hidden="true" class="octicon octicon-link" height="16" version="1.1" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16"><path d="M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z" fill-rule="evenodd"></path></svg></a>Agenda and meeting minutes for <a href="http://timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2013&amp;month=4&amp;day=11&amp;hour=16&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=75&amp;p2=195" rel="nofollow">2013-04-11</a>
</h2>
<ul>
<li>Alpha release</li>
<li>What PRs to merge before releasing?</li>
<li>Where to host ol.js/ol.css?</li>
<li>What about ol3js.org?</li>
</ul>
<h2>
<a aria-hidden="true" class="anchor" href="#agenda-and-meeting-minutes-for-2013-04-04" id="user-content-agenda-and-meeting-minutes-for-2013-04-04"><svg aria-hidden="true" class="octicon octicon-link" height="16" version="1.1" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16"><path d="M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z" fill-rule="evenodd"></path></svg></a>Agenda and meeting minutes for <a href="http://timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2013&amp;month=4&amp;day=4&amp;hour=16&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=75&amp;p2=195" rel="nofollow">2013-04-04</a>
</h2>
<ul>
<li>API doc status</li>
<li>Plovr-free development</li>
<li>Vector Architecture and Map/Layer/Source data model (Use-Cases wiki page)</li>
<li>Cesium (status and future of cesium branch)</li>
<li>First alpha release (10 April)</li>
</ul>
<h2>
<a aria-hidden="true" class="anchor" href="#agenda-and-meeting-minutes-for-2013-03-21" id="user-content-agenda-and-meeting-minutes-for-2013-03-21"><svg aria-hidden="true" class="octicon octicon-link" height="16" version="1.1" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16"><path d="M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z" fill-rule="evenodd"></path></svg></a>Agenda and meeting minutes for <a href="http://timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2013&amp;month=3&amp;day=21&amp;hour=16&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=75&amp;p2=195" rel="nofollow">2013-03-21</a>
</h2>
<ul>
<li>Documentation</li>
<li>WebGL vector</li>
<li>View config object to Map constructor (<a href="https://github.com/openlayers/ol3/pull/400">https://github.com/openlayers/ol3/pull/400</a>)</li>
<li>Restructuring README, CONTRIBUTING, and adding Developer Guide</li>
</ul>
<h2>
<a aria-hidden="true" class="anchor" href="#agenda-and-meeting-minutes-for-2013-03-14" id="user-content-agenda-and-meeting-minutes-for-2013-03-14"><svg aria-hidden="true" class="octicon octicon-link" height="16" version="1.1" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16"><path d="M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z" fill-rule="evenodd"></path></svg></a>Agenda and meeting minutes for <a href="http://timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2013&amp;month=3&amp;day=14&amp;hour=16&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=75&amp;p2=195" rel="nofollow">2013-03-14</a>
</h2>
<h3>
<a aria-hidden="true" class="anchor" href="#meeting-minutes" id="user-content-meeting-minutes"><svg aria-hidden="true" class="octicon octicon-link" height="16" version="1.1" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16"><path d="M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z" fill-rule="evenodd"></path></svg></a>Meeting minutes</h3>
<p>Community Infrastructure</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Central place to get information</p>
<p>Chris Holmes: We need to have a central place to get information about ol3 (where newcomers can be pointed to to get started and understand what is going on). Let’s decide where and how and take action.</p>
<p>Decision: landing page on github page. Wiki for “getting started”, examples with explanation, …</p>
<p>Who: Bart proposes to take care of this.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Getting Started / how to contribute guide</p>
<p>Based on the current Readme. Let’s extend and complete it (ex: examples should be added for each new feature)</p>
<p>Target: contributors (getting started guide for application developer will come later)</p>
<p>Who: Eric and Bart</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>First Public release</p>
<p>April 10: first public alpha release. -&gt; communication and information for app developer who wants to try things.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Roadmap</p>
<p>Publish the Roadmap, without date</p>
<p>Who: Benoît</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>API doc</p>
<p>Work on API doc. Check if we use the right tool.</p>
<p>Who: Andreas.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Getting application developer in:</p>
<p>Eric to check how application developers (not OL3 contributor) can help (probably mostly by testing)</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>Technical Stuff</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Eric opens the discussion about issue 340 regarding map API. Working on it. Comments welcome.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Discussion regarding the vector work is postponed until we can get Andreas and/or Tim in.</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>(<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fIkehZ4T40BMnSUBa5G4qPJPZtfy0MfI0oy_0Nnjsfs/edit#" rel="nofollow">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fIkehZ4T40BMnSUBa5G4qPJPZtfy0MfI0oy_0Nnjsfs/edit#</a>)</p>
<h2>
<a aria-hidden="true" class="anchor" href="#agenda-for-2013-02-07" id="user-content-agenda-for-2013-02-07"><svg aria-hidden="true" class="octicon octicon-link" height="16" version="1.1" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16"><path d="M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z" fill-rule="evenodd"></path></svg></a>Agenda for <a href="http://timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2013&amp;month=2&amp;day=7&amp;hour=16&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=75&amp;p2=195" rel="nofollow">2013-02-07</a>
</h2>
<p>Meeting dedicated to discussing vector.</p>
<ul>
<li>Talk about opening up this dev meeting to other folks.</li>
</ul>
<h2>
<a aria-hidden="true" class="anchor" href="#agenda-for-2013-01-31" id="user-content-agenda-for-2013-01-31"><svg aria-hidden="true" class="octicon octicon-link" height="16" version="1.1" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16"><path d="M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z" fill-rule="evenodd"></path></svg></a>Agenda for <a href="http://timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2013&amp;month=1&amp;day=31&amp;hour=16&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=75&amp;p2=195" rel="nofollow">2013-01-31</a>
</h2>
<p>Introduction:</p>
<ul>
<li>Small feedback from yesterday's management conference call (between the directors of the companies) and process discussion</li>
</ul>
<p>Work done:</p>
<ul>
<li>Single Image layer, DOM and Canvas renderers, attribution (see below)</li>
<li>Kinetic panning (@bbinet)</li>
<li>Test fixes (@elemoine)</li>
<li>Initial Cesium integration (@bagnell, @elemoine)</li>
<li>Miscellaneous bug fixes and improvements</li>
</ul>
<p>Ongoing work:</p>
<ul>
<li>Touch interaction (@fredj)</li>
<li>WebGL Single Image layer renderer (@elemoine, @twpayne, @bbinet, @fredj)</li>
<li>Canvas renderer optimization (@twpayne)</li>
<li>WMTS data source (@bbinet)</li>
<li>Zoom slider (@marcjansen)</li>
<li>Vector (@tschaub, @ahocevar)</li>
<li>WMS GetCapabilities parser (@bartvde)</li>
</ul>
<p>Any other business:</p>
<ul>
<li>Code Sprint Dates (<a href="http://doodle.com/wxi2a7s7ywr4pcxm" rel="nofollow">http://doodle.com/wxi2a7s7ywr4pcxm</a>)</li>
</ul>
<h2>
<a aria-hidden="true" class="anchor" href="#agenda-for-2013-01-24" id="user-content-agenda-for-2013-01-24"><svg aria-hidden="true" class="octicon octicon-link" height="16" version="1.1" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16"><path d="M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z" fill-rule="evenodd"></path></svg></a>Agenda for <a href="http://timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2013&amp;month=1&amp;day=24&amp;hour=16&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=75&amp;p2=195" rel="nofollow">2013-01-24</a>
</h2>
<p>Work done:</p>
<ul>
<li>Heapify-based tile queue (now dropping tiles)</li>
<li>Tile cache expiration</li>
<li>Texture cache expiration</li>
<li>Animated zooming</li>
</ul>
<p>Ongoing work:</p>
<ul>
<li>Touch interaction (@fredj)</li>
<li>Kinetic pan (@bbinet)</li>
<li>Single image source/layer (@elemoine)</li>
<li>Canvas renderer optimization (@twpayne)</li>
<li>Zoom slider (@marcjansen)</li>
<li>Vector (@tschaub, @ahocevar)</li>
<li>...</li>
</ul>
<p>Things to discuss:</p>
<ul>
<li>Overlay <a href="https://github.com/openlayers/ol3/pull/148">https://github.com/openlayers/ol3/pull/148</a>
</li>
<li>Defer loading of tiles and adding of interim tiles to the DOM (mobile performance)</li>
</ul>
<h2>
<a aria-hidden="true" class="anchor" href="#agenda-for-2013-01-17" id="user-content-agenda-for-2013-01-17"><svg aria-hidden="true" class="octicon octicon-link" height="16" version="1.1" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16"><path d="M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z" fill-rule="evenodd"></path></svg></a>Agenda for <a href="http://timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2013&amp;month=1&amp;day=17&amp;hour=16&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=75&amp;p2=195" rel="nofollow">2013-01-17</a>
</h2>
<ul>
<li>Work done by Camptocamp: tile queue, animation framework, canvas renderer, postrender events, mouse position control, attribution control, interaction hints, animated zoom, WebGL renderer performance improvements, Trello, miscellaneous bug fixes and improvements</li>
<li>Work done by OpenGeo: validity extent</li>
<li>Work done by Terrestris</li>
<li>Work in progress by Camptocamp: touch interactions, tile queue improvements, kinetic panning, Cesium integration</li>
<li>Work in progress by OpenGeo: vector</li>
<li>Work in progress by Terrestris: pan zoom bar control</li>
<li>Next steps</li>
</ul>
<h2>
<a aria-hidden="true" class="anchor" href="#agenda-for-2013-01-10" id="user-content-agenda-for-2013-01-10"><svg aria-hidden="true" class="octicon octicon-link" height="16" version="1.1" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16"><path d="M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z" fill-rule="evenodd"></path></svg></a>Agenda for <a href="http://timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2013&amp;month=1&amp;day=10&amp;hour=16&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=75&amp;p2=195" rel="nofollow">2013-01-10</a>
</h2>
<ul>
<li>Work done by Camptocamp: view, WebGL renderer clean-ups, Plovr, pure transform DOM renderer, beyond image tiles, frame state and animation</li>
<li>Work done by OpenGeo</li>
<li>Work done by Terrestris</li>
<li>Project tracking (Trello?)</li>
<li>Next steps</li>
<li>Cesium integration</li>
</ul>
<h2>
<a aria-hidden="true" class="anchor" href="#agenda-for-2012-12-13" id="user-content-agenda-for-2012-12-13"><svg aria-hidden="true" class="octicon octicon-link" height="16" version="1.1" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16"><path d="M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z" fill-rule="evenodd"></path></svg></a>Agenda for <a href="http://timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2012&amp;month=12&amp;day=13&amp;hour=16&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=75&amp;p2=195" rel="nofollow">2012-12-13</a>
</h2>
<p>OpenLayers 3 Cesium Integration.</p>
<ul>
<li>Where can OL3 help Cesium?</li>
<li>When can AGI help? (renderer architecture review, etc.)</li>
<li>What an OL3 Cesium integration can look like?</li>
<li>Will OL3 expose Cesium objects?</li>
<li>"Bringing 3D to OpenLayers 3 with Cesium" presentation at FOSS4G NA? (target submission deadline is mid-feb)</li>
</ul>
<h2>
<a aria-hidden="true" class="anchor" href="#agenda-for-2012-11-15" id="user-content-agenda-for-2012-11-15"><svg aria-hidden="true" class="octicon octicon-link" height="16" version="1.1" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16"><path d="M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z" fill-rule="evenodd"></path></svg></a>Agenda for <a href="http://timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2012&amp;month=11&amp;day=15&amp;hour=16&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=75&amp;p2=195" rel="nofollow">2012-11-15</a>
</h2>
<p>Done since previous meeting (not much):</p>
<ul>
<li>Merged Pake (#76)</li>
<li>Fixed DOM renderer issue in FF (#84)</li>
</ul>
<h2>
<a aria-hidden="true" class="anchor" href="#agenda-for-2012-11-08" id="user-content-agenda-for-2012-11-08"><svg aria-hidden="true" class="octicon octicon-link" height="16" version="1.1" viewBox="0 0 16 16" width="16"><path d="M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z" fill-rule="evenodd"></path></svg></a>Agenda for <a href="http://timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2012&amp;month=11&amp;day=8&amp;hour=16&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=75&amp;p2=195" rel="nofollow">2012-11-08</a>
</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Animation and Camera, based on <a href="https://github.com/openlayers/ol3/wiki/Animation-Cases">Tim's</a> and <a href="https://github.com/openlayers/ol3/wiki/Camera,-Animation-and-Frame-State">Tom's</a> documents. Tom has just added a document describing what he's started implementing for the Camera.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Symbol, property and config object exports. <a href="https://github.com/openlayers/ol3/wiki/Exports-Files">Tom and I wrote</a> to explain how exports work. Feel free to ask us questions if you have any.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>I've ported Tim's "append tiles to DOM after load" patch to master, and I'm interested to know if we want to <a href="https://github.com/openlayers/ol3/issues/84">merge this</a>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Tom has developed across-platform system named pake aimed to replace make for ol3. We need to decide whether we're <a href="https://github.com/openlayers/ol3/pull/76">merging Tom's work</a>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Discuss the brightness, contrast, hue, and saturation <a href="https://github.com/openlayers/ol3/pull/73">pull request</a>.</p>
</li>
</ul>

        </div>

    </div>]